[engines revving]
c0000001
Looks like we made it!
c0000002
Have we really?
c0000003
[NENE] Yeah.
Nothing but green all around.
c0000004
[SISBELL]
This is our front yard.
c0000005
[MISMIS]
Your what? Get out!
c0000006
I've seen stadiums
smaller than your yard!
c0000007
[brakes squealing]
c0000008
Hang on just a sec.
c0000009
You could've told us you owned
a whole manor, you know?
c0000010
It's just our vacation home.
c0000011
The Lou Erz.
c0000012
[ALL]
What?
c0000013
[ISKA] How many of my rooms
do you think would fit in here?
c0000014
[JHIN]
Don't ask that.
c0000015
-[ELLETEAR] There you are!
-[ALL] Huh?
c0000016
Welcome all!
So glad you could make it.
c0000017
The manor awaits!
c0000018
Please, make yourselves
at home.
c0000019
[chuckles]
c0000020
LINE OF DESCENT: THREE-SISTER
WAR (AKA ALICE HAS HAD ENOUGH)
c0000021
Unwind to your heart's content,
and have a pleasant stay.
c0000022
[ON]
Mongrel soldiers.
c0000023
How nice of you to willingly
step into my trap.
c0000024
Now, face me!
c0000025
-[grunts]
-[MISMIS] That voice!
c0000026
[ISKA]
The Masked Lord!
c0000027
What is this, an ambush?
c0000028
No activity outside.
c0000029
All clear here.
c0000030
Huh.
Was that you, Elletear?
c0000031
So maybe I went a tad overboard
c0000032
with introducing my skill
to our guests.
c0000033
-[chuckles]
-[ALL] Ugh!
c0000034
Oh, really? Were none
of you lot entertained?
c0000035
Weren't you dying
to know my power?
c0000036
That voice is part
of your astral art?
c0000037
Well, aren't you the sharp one?
c0000038
Much like a parrot mimicking
the voice of its owner.
c0000039
The astral ability I possess
c0000040
is truly one of the most
useless within our kingdom.
c0000041
Hm-hm.
c0000042
And now that we're all
very aware of my little talent,
c0000043
rest easy, as honored guests.
c0000044
My astral art cannot
even harm a baby.
c0000045
Self-deprecation, huh?
c0000046
Precisely.
Nothing more, nothing less.
c0000047
Actually, I'm proud
to claim this ability
c0000048
as my own,
and I mean that, truly.
c0000049
[bell ringing]
c0000050
Oh, I almost forgot!
c0000051
You must meet the servants
to the House of Lou.
c0000052
Yumilecia, Cystea, Nami,
c0000053
Ashe, and Noel.
c0000054
They will take care
of your every need.
c0000055
♪
c0000056
[whispering]
They're all astral mages,
c0000057
but none of them possess
aggressive astral power.
c0000058
So they're not doubling
as bodyguards?
c0000059
It isn't normal
for someone to be both
c0000060
a servant and a bodyguard.
c0000061
Not everyone's special
like Rin.
c0000062
[ISKA]
Rin. Is she hiding?
c0000063
I'm sure she must've been
able to tail us.
c0000064
Huh!
c0000065
Wait.
c0000066
Will Alice be here, too?
c0000067
No, of course, she wouldn't be.
c0000068
-[NAMI] Everyone.
-[gasps]
c0000069
Your rooms
are all ready for you now.
c0000070
You lot follow us.
c0000071
But before we go.
c0000072
All your weaponry and devices
c0000073
will be left
in our stewardship.
c0000074
-[all gasp]
-[groans]
c0000075
We couldn't enjoy this vacation
c0000076
with such distractions,
now could we?
c0000077
-[ALL] Hm.
-[guns clicking]
c0000078
Even though you're
hateful Imperial soldiers,
c0000079
we invite you here
as honored guests.
c0000080
Only because of
our Lady Elletear's orders.
c0000081
[ALL]
Ugh!
c0000082
Manners!
c0000083
Ashe, that is no way to talk
to our distinguished company.
c0000084
Don't be so rude.
c0000085
[ASHE]
Forgive me.
c0000086
And whatever you do,
c0000087
mixing mud
into their coffee is a no-no.
c0000088
No one was thinking that
until you said it!
c0000089
Mud's messy!
Make sure it's detergent.
c0000090
But that'd be even worse!
c0000091
[engine revving]
c0000092
[ALICE]
I can't let him know.
c0000093
About my dark secret.
c0000094
[birds chirping]
c0000095
[ISKA] Better look around
for glass shards or something.
c0000096
Better safe than slicey.
c0000097
[knocking on door]
c0000098
-Hm.
-[door opens]
c0000099
Iska.
Is everything okay?
c0000100
[ISKA]
Think so.
c0000101
I came to check on you.
c0000102
[grunts]
c0000103
What are you doing?
c0000104
[grunts]
Good, bed seems to be clear.
c0000105
[ISKA]
From what?
c0000106
Hidden communications.
c0000107
Honestly,
I'm a little impressed
c0000108
to see you so
on the ball, Sisbell.
c0000109
[SISBELL]
I need to be!
c0000110
Always gotta stay alert.
c0000111
But why bug my room?
c0000112
[SISBELL]
Plenty of reasons.
c0000113
For instance, to capture
the exact moment
c0000114
I reveal the Sovereignty's
many secrets to you.
c0000115
I mean, wouldn't that be
a pretty easy job for Elletear?
c0000116
She's like a walking
voice recorder.
c0000117
Technically, she's more
like an impersonator.
c0000118
She's able to speak
in the voice of those
c0000119
whom she's heard in the past.
c0000120
Which means...
c0000121
she could make me say anything?
c0000122
Yep.
Pretty much.
c0000123
A lotta things get sorta gray
c0000124
when considering her ability
for evidence.
c0000125
-[gasps]
-But enough about that!
c0000126
Here!
We've got some work to do!
c0000127
-Comms to find and Elletear's
plot to foil! -Wait!
c0000128
What?
c0000129
Right this way!
c0000130
[ISKA] No doubt about it.
This is definitely your room.
c0000131
[SISBELL]
Like it?
c0000132
I painted it two years ago.
c0000133
-You're kidding?
-[SISBELL] Are you surprised?
c0000134
You've got the makings
of a pro, Sisbell.
c0000135
[chuckles]
c0000136
[SISBELL] Elletear's room
is up ahead. Come on.
c0000137
[ISKA]
Isn't this a photograph?
c0000138
The picture of class.
c0000139
Unmatchable beauty,
top education.
c0000140
She's everything
you would want in a queen.
c0000141
If she had
a powerful astral spirit,
c0000142
she would've been
next in line, hands down.
c0000143
[ISKA] But I thought
all descendants of the Founder
c0000144
were powerful mages.
c0000145
[SISBELL]
Elletear is an exception.
c0000146
But watch out.
She is extremely cunning.
c0000147
Best to stay on your guard
while around her.
c0000148
[latch clacking]
c0000149
Of course, she keeps
her door locked.
c0000150
Private as ever.
c0000151
No luck here.
c0000152
Let's go check Alice's room.
c0000153
Alice's room, too?
c0000154
[SISBELL]
We share the same wall.
c0000155
I can't think of a better place
to tap into my chamber.
c0000156
Come on, let's go.
c0000157
♪
c0000158
[SISBELL]
This is it.
c0000159
What is that?
c0000160
[SISBELL]
That's Alice's self-portrait.
c0000161
[ISKA]
Did she always have three eyes?
c0000162
[SISBELL] Pretty sure she added
it because she didn't like
c0000163
how the first one turned out
or something.
c0000164
[ISKA]
Why does she have ten arms?
c0000165
[SISBELL]
That's her hair.
c0000166
[ISKA]
Brilliant!
c0000167
Sh-she's working
in a surrealist art style!
c0000168
She didn't only draw
what's outside,
c0000169
but she also captured
her inner liberty and idealism!
c0000170
[SISBELL]
Pretty sure it's just awful.
c0000171
-[latch clacks]
-[door opens]
c0000172
I was just thinking,
c0000173
maybe I should
keep watch out here?
c0000174
Oh, don't be silly!
c0000175
Hurry!
Before someone sees!
c0000176
Hold on!
c0000177
[ISKA]
Stepping into a girl's room
c0000178
feels like a violation.
c0000179
How do other guys do it?
c0000180
Just focus,
find the bug, and get out.
c0000181
I'm not finding anything.
c0000182
[SISBELL] There's one
last place we haven't checked.
c0000183
[ISKA]
Her bedroom?
c0000184
[grunts]
c0000185
Uh, Sisbell.
We need to get out!
c0000186
[Sisbell groaning]
c0000187
What would Alice think
if she saw us here?
c0000188
Precisely right!
c0000189
If I was Elletear, where would
I think to plant a bug, huh?
c0000190
There! That has to be
the hiding place!
c0000191
[ISKA]
Uh, are you sure?
c0000192
[SISBELL]
My instinct is never wrong.
c0000193
Something downright
scandalous is in there!
c0000194
[grunts]
c0000195
Yes. I knew it!
c0000196
What did you find there?
c0000197
This is what
was hiding in here.
c0000198
From the forbidden box
lurking in the dresser!
c0000199
That is not a hidden comm!
c0000200
Open up your eyes!
c0000201
Take a look at the stretch
on this baby!
c0000202
It's like I'm holding
a piece of string, am I right?
c0000203
My dear sister, Alice!
c0000204
I didn't know
you were the racy type!
c0000205
Well?
What'd you think?
c0000206
-Huh?
-[gasps]
c0000207
I am so confused right now!
c0000208
Oh? Is this the key
to being a grown-up?
c0000209
Thin undies?
c0000210
Please stop shoving that
in my face!
c0000211
House of Lou's undie scandal!
c0000212
Hidden surveillance
isn't the real scandal here?
c0000213
Hm.
Oh, no! Look.
c0000214
I've known about Elletear,
c0000215
but...to think Alice
has grown so voluptuous.
c0000216
Huh?
c0000217
[SISBELL]
Do you smell a conspiracy?
c0000218
It's just you.
c0000219
We must continue
our investigation!
c0000220
Iska!
Please secure this!
c0000221
[gasps]
Hey, don't throw it at me!
c0000222
[grunts]
c0000223
[gasps]
c0000224
♪
c0000225
[ISKA]
Focus, focus.
c0000226
Wait, what am I talking about?
c0000227
I can't focus on this!
c0000228
I need to put it back
where it came from, quick!
c0000229
[ALICE]
May I have that, please?
c0000230
[ISKA]
Sure can! Here!
c0000231
[ALICE]
So...how much did you enjoy
c0000232
fondling my underwear?
c0000233
[ISKA]
No, you've got it all wrong!
c0000234
The fabric was so soft.
I didn't mean to...
c0000235
[gasps]
Alice?
c0000236
What are you doing in my room?
c0000237
You perv!
c0000238
Shoot!
We have been compromised!
c0000239
Vile intruders!
c0000240
[screaming]
I'm not here!
c0000241
[ALICE] Wipe this entire
encounter from memory. Got it?
c0000242
Done!
c0000243
-Same for you!
-Yes, ma'am!
c0000244
You snitch, I kill.
c0000245
Right!
Understood.
c0000246
-[door creaks]
-[gasps]
c0000247
[RIN]
Lady Sisbell!
c0000248
And the other guy, too.
c0000249
Rin, don't worry about him.
c0000250
You.
Go get ready to leave.
c0000251
Mother's worried sick
at the palace.
c0000252
Uh...?
c0000253
Sisbell, we need you back home
to take care of something.
c0000254
[ELLETEAR]
Oh my, everyone's here.
c0000255
A family reunion without me?
c0000256
You must return
to the palace too, Elletear!
c0000257
Those are the
Queen's strict orders.
c0000258
Please!
Come with me!
c0000259
If you insist.
c0000260
Naturally, I knew
you'd refuse me.
c0000261
But I'll do what I must.
c0000262
Wait...
c0000263
[ELLETEAR] I yield.
Let's go home, Alice.
c0000264
You mean it?
c0000265
[ELLETEAR]
Yes. However...
c0000266
-I'll leave tomorrow.
-[gasps]
c0000267
The servants worked so hard
c0000268
to make everyone's beds
for tonight.
c0000269
Not to mention
all that time put into dinner.
c0000270
Hm.
c0000271
Alice and Sisbell,
c0000272
and our visitor from the army.
c0000273
I do hope you're hungry.
c0000274
[cutlery clinking]
c0000275
[ELLETEAR]
Where are my manners?
c0000276
-Hm. Huh?
-Introductions!
c0000277
Aliceliese.
My sister.
c0000278
Yes. Pleased to meet you.
Second daughter, Aliceliese.
c0000279
[ISKA]
Hm...?
c0000280
[MISMIS]
Huh. She looks so familiar.
c0000281
-Wait! You!
-[gasps]
c0000282
-You're the Ice...
-Oopsie-daisy.
c0000283
-And off to bed you go.
-And sweet dreams.
c0000284
Sounded important.
c0000285
Think boss was trying
to hint at something?
c0000286
That's what
it looked like to me,
c0000287
but I'm sure she'll tell us
when she's ready.
c0000288
[ELLETEAR]
My sisters under one roof!
c0000289
Feels like we're kids
having a sleepover, doesn't it?
c0000290
This'll be fun!
c0000291
[MISMIS]
Help me!
c0000292
[RIN] [grunts] Hush now,
you're making a scene.
c0000293
We won't hurt you as long
as you do as you're told,
c0000294
is that a deal?
c0000295
Deal. So what do you
want from me?
c0000296
We want you
to keep your mouth shut.
c0000297
About Lady Alice
being a princess.
c0000298
You mean to Jhin and Nene?
c0000299
-[RIN] Precisely.
-[Mismis shrieks]
c0000300
Please also refrain
from exposing me as a princess.
c0000301
[gasps]
c0000302
By "princess,"
c0000303
do you mean the Princess
of the Nebulis Sovereignty?
c0000304
[SISBELL]
Who else would we be?
c0000305
The Ice Calamity Witch
is my sister,
c0000306
and my sister is
a princess of the Sovereignty.
c0000307
Naturally,
that would make me a royal.
c0000308
Hang on.
Does that mean
c0000309
Lady Elletear's
also a princess?
c0000310
Whoa!
c0000311
You hadn't put it
all together yet?
c0000312
[sighs]
c0000313
Something's off.
c0000314
I can't help
but feel weird about this.
c0000315
Why would Elletear keep Sisbell
cooped up in our manor?
c0000316
[ISKA]
Hm?
c0000317
[ALICE]
Guess I'll stay.
c0000318
Officially, I need to keep
an eye on Sisbell.
c0000319
And someone else.
c0000320
No point in beating around
the bush, okay? I know.
c0000321
But for the record,
c0000322
we're not here
on reconnaissance.
c0000323
Oh, please.
c0000324
As if I'd allow you
to stir up any trouble.
c0000325
Not while I'm here, you won't.
c0000326
I'm duty-bound.
As a princess.
c0000327
So, promise me this.
c0000328
Keep your head down and do not
interfere with our nation.
c0000329
And don't try to escape.
c0000330
-[ASHE] Lady Alice?
-[both gasp]
c0000331
Yes, what is it, Ashe?
c0000332
[ASHE]
Is Iska with you?
c0000333
-[BOTH] Hm?
-[ASHE] My lady has requested
c0000334
I bring him to her.
c0000335
Is that so?
c0000336
All right.
c0000337
-Iska.
-Hm?
c0000338
Don't trust a word
from Elletear.
c0000339
You're my rival.
And mine alone.
c0000340
-[door opens]
-Please, enter.
c0000341
Elletear.
You requested me?
c0000342
[ELLETEAR]
I did! Do come in.
c0000343
Thank you so much
for stopping by.
c0000344
Hm.
c0000345
[ELLETEAR]
Oh, I'm sorry.
c0000346
You caught me
stepping out of the bath.
c0000347
♪
c0000348
[door closes]
c0000349
[ELLETEAR]
I'll cut to the chase.
c0000350
I'm looking for comrades.
c0000351
No one from the Sovereignty
will fight with me
c0000352
for the same cause,
so I'm widening my net.
c0000353
And who better to recruit
to my team...than you,
c0000354
a one-time Saint Disciple?
c0000355
Recruit?
c0000356
I'd like for you to be
my personal soldier.
c0000357
I'm not following.
c0000358
Why choose me?
c0000359
A loyalist would kill
for this chance.
c0000360
Because I wish to annihilate
the Sovereignty.
c0000361
What?
c0000362
I'll raze every city
to the ground,
c0000363
wiping out the entire nation.
c0000364
Well?
Doesn't that sound lovely?
c0000365
Ugh! A rebellion?
c0000366
Traitor. You're the Queen's
own daughter,
c0000367
how could you?
c0000368
-Did I scare you, hm?
-Huh?
c0000369
Me, the first princess,
c0000370
wouldn't dare to dream
of something so outrageous.
c0000371
I called you here
out of curiosity.
c0000372
I didn't expect
a Saint Disciple
c0000373
to break a witch out of prison.
c0000374
So, you've looked into me?
c0000375
A while back, I caught wind
of an odd duck
c0000376
in the Imperial Army,
c0000377
a soldier known
as the Anti-War Berserker.
c0000378
They plan to capture
a pureblood
c0000379
from the Sovereignty
and force a peace treaty.
c0000380
-It's you, is it not?
-[gasps]
c0000381
[ISKA] She isn't supposed
to know about that.
c0000382
Only a select few do, so how?
c0000383
Did someone
from the Empire tell her?
c0000384
If so, then who?
c0000385
[bell ringing]
c0000386
It's 11 o'clock.
c0000387
That bell means
it's time to retire.
c0000388
Does that mean our conversation
is over, as well?
c0000389
Thank you for being
quick to understand.
c0000390
-[door creaks]
-[ELLETEAR] This way, please.
c0000391
[ISKA]
Uh, what's the meaning of this?
c0000392
Leaving a defenseless woman
all by herself?
c0000393
Don't be so cruel.
I want a bodyguard.
c0000394
Uh-huh.
c0000395
I'm asking you
c0000396
to sleep next to me
in bed for tonight.
c0000397
Together?
Nope, I'm good!
c0000398
Did you forget that
I'm in the Imperial Army?
c0000399
[Elletear laughs]
c0000400
That just makes this
even more exciting.
c0000401
A Saint Disciple
trembling at my touch?
c0000402
It drives me crazy.
c0000403
My heart's absolutely racing!
c0000404
-[gasps]
-Here. You wanna feel?
c0000405
-[door opens]
-Stop!
c0000406
What do you think you're doing?
c0000407
Enjoying myself.
c0000408
And what's that
supposed to mean?
c0000409
I'm on to you!
c0000410
What are you talking about?
c0000411
Don't play dumb!
You're trying to steal my Iska!
c0000412
Wait! "Your Iska?"
c0000413
Oh, that's so cute!
c0000414
But if I'm the one
who invited him,
c0000415
then doesn't that mean
he's mine, sister?
c0000416
What is going on?
c0000417
The man you invited
happens to be my guard!
c0000418
The only person
who has the right
c0000419
to sleep with him
is me, got it?
c0000420
[ISKA]
No, you don't!
c0000421
[chuckles]
Adorable!
c0000422
Just hearing you talk back. Aw.
c0000423
So, what does my baby sister
want, a head pat?
c0000424
To be told she's a big girl?
c0000425
That is enough!
c0000426
What are you doing in here,
and why is Iska with you?
c0000427
[BOTH]
We're sleeping with him.
c0000428
Sleeping with...?
c0000429
Do you guys even hear
yourselves right now?
c0000430
No! No one's sleeping with him!
c0000431
Do I detect jealousy?
c0000432
Over a man who is nothing
but a stranger to you, Alice?
c0000433
You do know he's
an Imperial soldier, right?
c0000434
Yes, I'm well aware
he's from the Army!
c0000435
He's mine!
Wait, I mean,
c0000436
it makes more sense
if we share a bed!
c0000437
That way, he's within my sight!
c0000438
Thanks, but no thanks.
c0000439
I'd like to stay in my room,
c0000440
if it's all the same to you.
c0000441
My bed is big enough
for the four of us.
c0000442
If it's comfort you're
worried about, don't be.
c0000443
-That sound fair to everyone?
-Mm-hmm.
c0000444
-No objections from me.
-Mm-hmm.
c0000445
I, for one, completely object!
c0000446
Anybody listening?
c0000447
To keep things fair,
we'll draw.
c0000448
Iska will sleep on
the far-left side of the bed,
c0000449
and we can determine our order.
c0000450
Right, I'll go first.
c0000451
Boo. I'm in the middle.
c0000452
I'm on the right side.
c0000453
[ALICE]
I did it!
c0000454
Yay! I got the spot
next to Iska!
c0000455
-[laughing]
-[SISBELL] Alice?
c0000456
Huh.
[grunts]
c0000457
Look, I know you cheated!
c0000458
I order you
to give up your spot!
c0000459
[ALICE]
Nice try, but not happening!
c0000460
♪
c0000461
There's no way I can sleep.
c0000462
-Alice?
-Shh.
c0000463
Huh.
c0000464
Be quiet.
And listen.
c0000465
Whatever happens, I have
my royal seat to think about.
c0000466
Skin-to-skin contact
with a princess is forbidden.
c0000467
Fine by me. I wasn't planning
on doing anything.
c0000468
-[ELLETEAR] Oh, my.
-[gasps]
c0000469
[ELLETEAR]
Your cheeks are much softer
c0000470
than I expected
them to be, Iska.
c0000471
[SISBELL]
You're so handsy, Iska.
c0000472
But it's not like I wanted
you to hug me or anything.
c0000473
[gasps]
Oh, gosh! I'm so sorry!
c0000474
No, you're fine,
it's just that...
c0000475
-Can you back up?
-Huh.
c0000476
Getting a little tight.
c0000477
Hm. I would if I could,
c0000478
but Sisbell's kicking me!
I can't move.
c0000479
Kicking in her sleep?
c0000480
[breathing heavily]
c0000481
[ISKA]
She's so close.
c0000482
I can feel her breath.
c0000483
♪
c0000484
[ISKA]
Why are you touching?
c0000485
[ALICE]
Wow.
c0000486
You're pretty toned.
c0000487
Would've never guessed that
by looking at you.
c0000488
So, um, what happened to
no skin-on-skin contact, huh?
c0000489
This doesn't count,
I'm trapped here!
c0000490
Anyway, you're covered up,
so there's no skin-on-skin.
c0000491
It's your turn.
c0000492
I see you staring.
c0000493
I don't mind.
c0000494
Alice...
c0000495
[ALICE] It wouldn't be fair
if you didn't touch me.
c0000496
I mean, I did reach
out to you first.
c0000497
Now's your chance.
c0000498
You might not get another
opportunity like this one.
c0000499
It's fine.
I'm allowing it.
c0000500
You're making me feel
like a perv!
c0000501
When I said I wanted
to fight you
c0000502
fair and square, I meant it.
c0000503
In any situation.
c0000504
[gasps]
c0000505
♪
c0000506
Wait.
That's right.
c0000507
Uh, what is it?
c0000508
-You saw.
-Saw what?
c0000509
My darkest secret.
c0000510
And you touched them.
c0000511
That was a misunderstanding!
c0000512
Misunderstanding or not,
c0000513
as your rival,
c0000514
it's only fair
that I get to peek
c0000515
at your underwear, too!
c0000516
[ISKA] Wait!
What are you doing?
c0000517
I'm simply getting even!
c0000518
Alice!
[grunts]
c0000519
[ISKA]
S-O-S, Rin!
c0000520
Your mistress
is currently losing it!
c0000521
Please, stop her!
c0000522
[RIN] Did something good
happen yesterday, Lady Alice?
c0000523
Your skin and hair
are positively glowing!
c0000524
[chuckles]
c0000525
Perhaps sharing a bed with
my sisters livened my mood!
c0000526
-[NENE] Nice shot!
-[BOTH] Hm?
c0000527
[ISKA]
All right.
c0000528
-[thwacks]
-[grunts]
c0000529
-[ISKA] What?
-[RIN] Color me surprised.
c0000530
The Imperial swordsman
has a crappy golf hand.
c0000531
[ALICE]
This is so frustrating!
c0000532
I-I'd teach him if I was
down there right now!
c0000533
-Let's fix your posture!
-[ALICE] Ah, Sisbell!
c0000534
-I'll scold you later.
-[ISKA] Oh. Thanks, Sisbell.
c0000535
[RIN]
Lady Alice, it's time.
c0000536
It's time?
c0000537
Have you forgotten?
c0000538
Lady Elletear will be returning
to the palace.
c0000539
[humming]
c0000540
[ELLETEAR]
Sisbell.
c0000541
Hm.
[gasps]
c0000542
I've come to say goodbye,
baby sister.
c0000543
Let's do this again very soon.
c0000544
E-Elletear?
c0000545
Think of all the fun times
we two could have had
c0000546
if you went out more often.
c0000547
You're always cooped up with
your servant, it's a shame.
c0000548
-[gasps]
-[ELLETEAR] Speaking of...
c0000549
-[whimpering]
-[chuckles]
c0000550
How have you been doing
since the old man's abduction?
c0000551
I imagine it's been so hard.
c0000552
[gasps]
c0000553
[SISBELL] Did she say
Schwartz was abducted?
c0000554
Where's this coming from?
c0000555
It's possible
he had an accident,
c0000556
or suddenly became ill.
c0000557
But if I don't have
all the answers,
c0000558
then how can she be so sure?
c0000559
Unless, she's the one behind
Schwartz's disappearance!
c0000560
[Sisbell whimpering]
c0000561
[SISBELL]
Which also means,
c0000562
the one who
betrayed the Lous...
c0000563
is you, Elletear.
c0000564
[ELLETEAR]
Cold, dear sister?
c0000565
You're shaking like a leaf.
c0000566
Let's close the window
and stay inside.
c0000567
So long as you stay
right where you are
c0000568
inside the manor,
c0000569
I'm certain Schwartz
will return to you.
c0000570
[grunts]
c0000571
[Talisman grunts]
c0000572
The sun's timeless beauty
prevails even at night.
c0000573
Now then...I believe
preparations are in order.
c0000574
[ON]
Word from the palace.
c0000575
It seems Elletear
has finally returned.
c0000576
[GROWLEY] I was convinced
that when she was born,
c0000577
she could never become a Queen
c0000578
through the fraudulent power
of impersonation.
c0000579
I was certain the
House of Zoa would triumph.
c0000580
It seems we've been
outwitted, On.
c0000581
Vexingly so.
c0000582
First, the House of Hydra
blows up the Queen's hall.
c0000583
And then,
Elletear channels my voice
c0000584
in the smoke and chaos.
c0000585
It's the perfect plot
to implicate me.
c0000586
Curious.
c0000587
For a brilliant woman to resort
to such aggression,
c0000588
I can't help but wonder
c0000589
if we're overlooking
the big picture.
c0000590
[GROWLEY]
You suspect there's more?
c0000591
I suspect they haven't shown
their full hand.
c0000592
In which case, you, Kissing...
c0000593
should be ready
for what's to come.
c0000594
Within a few days' time.
c0000595
She's gotta be the one
behind it, then.
c0000596
The one who abducted
that old geezer is your sister.
c0000597
So what're you
gonna do about it?
c0000598
Be nice!
Don't call him that!
c0000599
[ISKA]
Hm? Elletear.
c0000600
Why do you think she outed
herself as the culprit to us?
c0000601
[JHIN]
To restrict Sisbell.
c0000602
Basically telling her to be
a good prisoner and stay put.
c0000603
Well, what do you
want us to do?
c0000604
[gun clacks]
c0000605
And why give us
our weapons back?
c0000606
I'll return home in eight days.
c0000607
Then, I will find
the one behind
c0000608
the assassination attempt
and be done with it.
c0000609
[JHIN]
That long?
c0000610
What?
c0000611
Anything can happen in the span
of eight days, correct?
c0000612
All I'm saying is,
it's worth considering
c0000613
-who you're dealing with.
-[all gasp]
c0000614
What do your instincts
tell you?
c0000615
Will Elletear make her move
between now and then?
c0000616
No doubt in my mind.
c0000617
Be ready to hustle
to the palace, ya got it?
c0000618
Is something going on?
c0000619
Iska and Sisbell still haven't
set foot outside their rooms.
c0000620
Those two aren't
avoiding me, are they?
c0000621
Let's hope Iska stays away.
c0000622
For the rest of his sad life.
c0000623
It was around the time
Elletear left, too.
c0000624
I don't like this.
c0000625
-[knife clanks]
-[RIN] Regarding your sister.
c0000626
There will be a hearing
in the Queen's hall
c0000627
at exactly 11 o'clock.
c0000628
[watch clanks]
c0000629
[ALICE]
It's about to start.
c0000630
[MILLAVAIR]
Elletear.
c0000631
Does the blanket of night
ever give you a sense of dread?
c0000632
Not at all, Mother.
c0000633
Why do you ask?
Are you afraid of the night?
c0000634
[MILLAVAIR]
Perhaps a little bit.
c0000635
The older I grow,
c0000636
the more the whisper
from the evening wind
c0000637
weakens me.
c0000638
Come now, Mother, don't say
such depressing things.
c0000639
The people of the Sovereignty
are relying on you
c0000640
to remain their queen.
c0000641
My waning strength
doesn't sadden me as much
c0000642
as witnessing
my precious daughters
c0000643
quarrel, like enemies.
c0000644
That's what breaks my heart.
c0000645
Answer me.
c0000646
Why take Sisbell away
to the manor, Elletear?
c0000647
[chuckles]
c0000648
[MILLAVAIR] The explosion
of the Queen's hall.
c0000649
Framing the Zoa.
c0000650
You used your
astral power, didn't you?
c0000651
You're speaking nonsense,
Mother!
c0000652
Oh, how I truly want to believe
those eyes of yours, Elletear.
c0000653
But I can't.
c0000654
[ELLETEAR]
Mother.
c0000655
Do me a favor,
and please let Sisbell know
c0000656
that she can return
to the palace.
c0000657
-Hm?
-[Elletear sighs]
c0000658
We're right on schedule.
c0000659
-[watch ticks]
-[gasps]
c0000660
-[rumbling]
-[gasps]
c0000661
It cannot be!
c0000662
What is happening?